I feel like we going in the right
direction man he's a great competitor
they want to get better every day as do
I so yeah man you know offers one
samudra held it down for the often with
you know at the end of the day we all
want teams so you know it's always good
for a little bit at an account not too
much though you know you'll want to get
off topic you know we had to get better
at football now really fighting so no
it's cool about that time like yeah you
know that's that's what you know it's
camp that's what you know is all in the
middle of it when people start doing
that you know all the friendships out
the window right now saw office versus
decent DB ah I don't know the guys I
really go again is they don't really
talk that much you know the two back
ends rashad and clemens and say some
every nine then like I would've had you
but you know not too much i hain't
surprised it took six days a week week
before that first little temper flare up
another happen yeah honestly I'm used to
Senator probably more so in the first
two or three days and then it kind of
you know dies down a little bit but
that's good that means everybody's just
focused you know really not worried
about the outside stuff you know the
stupid be trying to get better and
everybody is in grind mode but at the
end of the day you know sometimes that
it happened every night then night
against each other tomorrow but just
talk about the scrimmage obviously we
want to win you know the office versus
defense like you said so we are there to
kill the defense that's it does versus
them tomorrow who the dolphins and
there's some other to me I don't really
know what seemed a trifle but you know
they're not without tomorrow Mike how
you feel about right tally-hawk and the
chemistry defender I feel are we growing
every day I gotta say I still have about
four weeks before the first game so I
like to I like the direction we're going
and I think you know a lot of people be
surprised once against the game one
strategy that we're making cuz I feel
like every day you know we're getting
closer and closer I i I'm feeling real
confident that we'll
by the time I'm so looking forward to
that August fourth preseason game
definitely you know everybody forget
somebody else tired of going to get my
own teammates a little bit but you know
that's how it is and count and it's all
part of the grind but I'm ready to go
against somebody else's not my teammate